CALCULATOR PLAN

What will this calculator do?
    Allow the user to type a math equation.
    Have the computer evaluate that equation.

How will it do that?
    The computer will need to firstly scan the entire string, and count the
    brackets. This should allow it to find the greatest degree of bracket in the
    equation. Ties should be okay.
    Then, knowing the greatest degree of bracket, run through the string again.
    Take a substring that is the bracket of the greatest degree.
    Scan it for the highest order operations, and complete those first.
        If we do trigonometric functions, those need to be evaluated first.
        Exponents
        Multiplication + Division + Modulus
        Addition + Subtraction
    To evaluate those, they're all binary operators (they use two numbers).
    So, we'll create another substring, and evaluate the two operators.
    Depending on the operator, we'll call a function to evaluate the two
    numbers.
    
    Perhaps we should read the string, and save all the numbers directly.
    We should save each value (including operators) as a class.
    That class should store what type it is (number, operator, variable), and
    what value it has. Operators should have a numerical value that corresponds
    to what it is (so addition would be 1, subtraction is 2, etc.). Brackets
    should count as operators technically. Variables should have a name
    (string) property as well as a value.

    So we read in the string, and we have to convert things to these objects.
    Basically, we should run left to right and store the values we read.
        If we see a number (I guess a . would work too), we start reading that
        as a string, and then convert that string to a double. If we read two
        decimals, we have to abort and say an error.
        If we see an operator (and these have to be specific), then we store
        that as an operator, and move on.
            If it's a -, we have to double-check whether the last object was a
            number or a ). If it was, then we're using this - as a binary
            operator. If it wasn't, then we're using it as an unary negative to
            a following number. Of course, if we don't get a number, then we're 
            going to chuck an error after we do the string.
        If we see a variable name, we check to see if it's a known constant. If
        it is, we just store it as that.
        If it's a variable, we may need to set that earlier in the program. The
        user might need to say "var x = 0" earlier or something just to tell the
        program that they're using a var called x. If they don't give it a
        value, we'll just say it's 0.
        Spaces should be skipped. = should be used to set the left-hand side as
        the value of the right-hand side. If it's used with two constants, then
        the whole thing needs to chuck an error. == should be used to compare
        two things. It cannot be in any brackets.
    
How should we store this stuff?
    Let's have a class called calculatorMemory. This memory will store an array
    of input strings (for future reference) and the values they equate to. This
    should also store a value in case of errors. There will be an "all good"
    value for most operations. We can make that their own class (calcHistory).
    The calculator will thus have all these functions within itself. Functions
    that interact with the user-end should be public, and the rest be private.
    calculatorMemory should have an array of a variable class
    (calcVariable). These should store the name of the variable and a value. By
    default, they should all be called "null" and have the value of 0. There
    should be a few keyword values that you cannot call a variable, particularly
    "null" and "var".
    I think the console will store previous entries if the user wants to re-use
    equations for that session.
    
    To calculate equations, we will use a calcEquation class. This will store
    the original input string, and have an list of "calcObjects". This should
    store the type of value it is, and a pointer to a created object of whatever
    type it should be. It should also point to the next object. This should
    allow for dynamic list lengths, and should allow the computer to simplify
    the equation down each step.
        For numbers, it should have a pointer to a double.
        For operators, it should have a pointer to an enum of its type.
        For constants, it should have a pointer to an enum of its value.
        For variables, it should have a pointer to an unsigned int of its index
        in the calcVariable array. That way, it can access the name and value of
        it.
    The last calcObject should be an operator of type "end". This should prevent
    dereferencing null pointers if that ever comes up.

    
What operands will it do?
    Addition
    Subtraction
    Multiplication
    Division
    Powers
    Modulus
    
    This stuff for stretch
        Trigonometric functions
        Variables?
        Constants (e, pi, Avagadro's, etc.)
        Imaginary numbers

What else will it have?
    You'll be able to get the values of previous results and call them later.

Functions (think broad and separate them down)
    main
        Should firstly test to see if the program works (testComputations()).
        Then will go into the normal mode (calculatorMode()).
    
    testComputations
        This will test that the calculations work properly. This should just
        call computeString() on some set things.

    calculatorMode
        This will call a few functions for the regular operation of the program.

    equationInput
        This should ask for user input. This should only relate to doing
        equations. There will be other parts of the program that will just use
        their own input.

    validityCheck
        This should scan the return of equationInput() and check if everything
        is proper. If it's not proper, the program should then ask
        equationInput() again.

    ADD MORE STUFF