MainGame.c
	Includes most of the logic that the game uses to compute stuff.
	
	That huge game struct
		Make two smaller structs called playerData (name them p1 and p2). They'll have player-specific data.
		This will mean calling the data will be, gameData.p1.money, etc.
		Current turn
		Unit tracking (an array of struct units (let's say 100)). They'll have unit-specific data.
		Map data (stored as a 2D array of ints (maybe chars))
			This should just note what the map layout is.
		Building data
			This needs to track what current "health" each building is at, and who owns it. The type of building should be told by the map data.
			This is probably an array of structs again. Fortunately, buildings are never destroyed, so the list ordering doesn't matter.
		Cursor position
			Convenient for when you enter a menu and you want to back out.
			I think this should be reset between turns.
			There also needs to be a system that prevents the cursor from moving out of the playing field.
	
	Player struct
		Money
		Buildings owned
		Current units
	
FileIO.c
	Loads the map data, and handles save and load data.
	
	mapLoad
		Reads a text file and loads the map data.
	
	saveGame
	
	
	loadGame
		Similar to saveGame but it loads the save file
	
GameUI.c
	A simpler file that calls upon most of the functions.
	
GameAI.c
	An AI that similarly uses the GameUI.c rules but computes some things based on that data. It should have access to the more specific parts.
	
drawingUI.c
	A file that does the screen drawing.
	It needs to figure out how
	
UI design
	The map should occupy a portion of the screen. Underneath is the menus.
	The only thing extra that should be drawn on the map is the cursor (and any units).
	The menus should display what the cursor has highlighted (both unit and tile).
	When a key is pressed (hopefully arrow keys and space will work), then the cursor will move.
	
1. Plan the files used.

2. Set up the structs used.
	I can add some properties later, but I should try to get the essentials done.

3. Set up the beginning of the game.

4. Incorporate a map-load function.

5. Finish the initialise data function.
		Add more things to the struct so that it contains everything.

6. Store each unit's default properties somewhere, and the map tile properties too.
	When a unit is created, I need to copy some of the default data over (like fuel, weapon types, etc.). One way is to make a new struct that contains all the default data of each unit, and then copy that stuff over to the actual game data. That way, the struct is only there in the creation function. The issue with this is that there will be times where I'll need to keep accessing this data (such as when a unit refuels at a city, and gains more ammo). At the same time, I don't want to store the maximum values for some of these as variables, because they're not. Possibly I could use a const int, but I don't 100% know how to use those, or when to use them.

7. Draw the map.
	Shouldn't be too tough, but I just need a change mode between drawing units and drawing only the field. Otherwise, just pass through and do that.

8. Move a cursor, and pass the selected info to something (probably the UI next step).
	This will be a bit tricky.

9. Draw the UI.
	Again, pretty simple, just know what UI options are available, and print those as strings. Also, add a system where you can move the cursor around. This is the interacting part.

10. Select a unit, tell it to move, and then it moves there.
	This needs to do a check to see if the move is valid before it does it.

11. Attack other units.
	This is an extension of that selecting a unit bit. The difference is it needs to see if you've selected a valid target. Then, it does a calculation, and changes the health of the two units.

12. Capture buildings using infantry and mechs.
	Shouldn't be too hard, but it's not as needed as the other systems (there exist unit-only maps).

13. Build other units.
	Again, select a thing, and access it from a menu. Initialise the data, and draw a new unit.

14. Program win conditions.
	Pretty easy, just detect whether the HQ is captured, or the player has run out of units. The latter is being tracked, and will easily be added. The other one can just be a condition when capturing a HQ.

15. String it all together in the main.

16. Save and load game stuff.

17. Bot stuff.
	
DAMAGE FORMULA
D%=[B*ACO/100+R]*(AHP/10)*[(200-(DCO+DTR*DHP))/100]

D = Actual damage expressed as a percentage

B = Base damage (in damage chart)

ACO = Attacking CO attack value (example:130 for Kanbei) (this will just be 100)

R = Random number 0-9

AHP = HP of attacker

DCO = Defending CO defense value (example:80 for Grimm) (this will just be 100)

DTR = Defending Terrain Stars (IE plain = 1, wood = 2)

DHP = HP of defender